Ah!
Uh-huh.
Master Rollo, you wait
I'll call someone
The person I'm looking for is Luo Zhong
Get out of my business without you
Thank you for going back to school and having a good time
Don't come to this place again.
Don't come here
Take the money for selling the country for glory
Dropping grain here is a prostitute
Death is not a pity
I'll tell you what.
I am Luo Shao of the lover Luo family
This casino is owned by my family
The whole road was filled with my family
No one can save you today
Tell me where Gozo Kameda is
I can give you a good one.
What Kameda Gozo
I don't know him.
It seems that your memory is not very good.
Then I'll help you recall the memories
Gozo Kameda is a thief who sneaked into the South
Liu Jun is your lower limit
He has been arrested.
Confessed you
You will die.
Cooperate with us to capture Guida Musashi
It's your last chance.
Joe? I don't know what you mean.
I don't know, then you can die now.
Stop
Let go of my son